>   Regret. *Regret* and terror pierced, staked, and chopped up every organ in his body, akin to the physical hole in his abdomen. He could not remember what he did to deserve this, but he had become very good friends with repentance these last few hours. He knew he was screaming, he knew there were people around him who were at fault, but he *could not* hear himself, nor could he see, or hold anger towards his observers. He felt two pulses: *one*, his beating heart, and *two*, the pulse of the mana pumped out of his body-albeit more of a vibration of quick precise movement. 
>   He knew he was, that's *all *he knew now, he knew something was in his abdomen, and that was all. He didn't know where he was, or why he was here, his heart leapt for reasons unknown to his conscious mind. Glass shattered *beneath *him, *around *him, and *within *him, he felt every *single *agony yet *none* at all. Before he saw black, but now, it was truly *nothing*, not that it was pitch dark, but that his eyes were *gone*. In the distance, cutting the abyss, was a house, a run down shack, akin to something you'd see in rural Deltus. Its wood was a pale old grey, and the roof was rusted tin-a perception made of a *preconceived notion*, not sight. He did not walk, no, he had no body to walk with. With all his might, he focused his perception upon that house and willed himself to the door.  The door was not *open or closed*, nor was light *present or absent*, the boards *creaked as much* as they were *sturdy*.
>   As he entered, he felt himself pulled apart, yet compressed *all the same*. His original regret was replaced with the feeling of debt, he felt as if his very self was being liquidized to pay for his overexpendurature of something he *could not* understand. Yet a liquidized asset is not destroyed, but transferred, and the spoils of it distributed, he was cut and combined, every which way, separated and joined at the same time in an eternal entropy.
>   This suffering did not stop, all he knew is, was, and always will be *suffering*. He tried to count, but time was meaningless, and he counted forwards, backwards, and chaotically all at the same time. It was as if he was the infinite beasts on typewriters attempting to recreate the greatest works of generations before, he recited gibberish and hymns all at the same time, there was no difference between screams, whispers, and thoughts. He did not perceive anything, for he was all there was, and the eye *cannot* view itself without aid.
> 
>   In reality, which he never knew, and never would know, within a government bunker, there was a living, *soulless*, corpse in a vegetative state. Also in reality, which, did not exist to him, was a mother and a father grieving their lost son, but atleast he would have a chance at the afterlife-*if* it existed.
